 Algunos comandos habituales:


    docker network create net1
    
    docker network rm net1
    
    docker create --name mycontainer \
       --network net1 \
       --publish 8080:80 \
          matt68/mysql80

    docker network connect    net1 mycontainer
    docker network disconnect net1 mycontainer


  Para las redes de tipo overlay debemos tener además en cuenta:

      docker network create -d overlay net1

      docker network create -d overlay --attachable net1


  
 Directamente de los manuales:

 https://docs.docker.com/network/

 Las redes más habituales son las de tipo (driver) bridge, host, overlay, macvlan...
 
 Pero unas son mejores que otras dependiendo de lo que queramos lograr comunicar -o aislar-.
 
 bridge networks are best when you need multiple containers to communicate on the same Docker host.

 Host networks are best when the network stack should not be isolated from the Docker host, but you want other aspects of the container to be isolated.

 Overlay networks are best when you need containers running on different Docker hosts to communicate, or when multiple applications work together using swarm services.

 Macvlan networks are best when you are migrating from a VM setup or need your containers to look like physical hosts on your network, each with a unique MAC address.

 Third-party network plugins allow you to integrate Docker with specialized network stacks.


 - Resumiendo: 
   Bridge: para jugar a conectar containers en nuestro equipo, usaremos bridge.
   Overlay: para crar un docker swarm y que varios demonios docker (varias docker-machine) se vean y se comuniquen correctamente


 Curiosidades de bridge:

  Todos los containers de la red exponen sus puertos entre sí  (Iñigo!...), y ninguno al exterior .
   
  
 Curiosidades de overlay:

   When you initialize a swarm or join a Docker host to an existing swarm, two new networks are created on that Docker host:

   1.- an overlay network called ingress, which handles control and data traffic related to swarm services. When you create a swarm service and do not connect it to a user-defined overlay network, it connects to the ingress network by default.

   2.- a bridge network called docker_gwbridge, which connects the individual Docker daemon to the other daemons participating in the swarm.

